Fix #175: Add testcase for multibyte LikeHandler (#190)
yiisoft/data: CHANGELOG.md

- New #176: Add `OrderHelper` (@vjik)
- New #173, #184: Add `$caseSensitive` parameter to `Like` filter to control whether the search must be case-sensitive
  or not (@arogachev)

> - Chg #190: Add testcase for multibyte `LikeHandler`, use `str_contains` for case-sensitive match (@samdark) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Enh #190: Use `str_contains` for case-sensitive match in `LikeHandler` (@samdark) 
```
